c:\users\h2pl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\bin\Debug\AV-Dictionary.exe.config
c:\users\h2pl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\obj\Debug\AV_Dictionary.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\h2pl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\obj\Debug\AV-Dictionary.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\h2pl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\bin\Debug\AV-Dictionary.exe
c:\users\h2pl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\bin\Debug\AV-Dictionary.pdb
c:\users\h2pl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\obj\Debug\AV-Dictionary.exe
c:\users\h2pl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\obj\Debug\AV-Dictionary.pdb
c:\users\h2pl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\obj\Debug\AV-Dictionary.exe.licenses
c:\users\h2pl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\h2pl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\h2pl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\H2PL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\obj\Debug\AV_Dictionary.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\H2PL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\obj\Debug\AV_Dictionary.frmDictionary.resources
C:\Users\H2PL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\obj\Debug\AV_Dictionary.frmGramar.resources
C:\Users\H2PL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\obj\Debug\AV_Dictionary.frmListen.resources
C:\Users\H2PL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\obj\Debug\AV-Dictionary.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\H2PL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\obj\Debug\AV_Dictionary.frmTest.resources
C:\Users\H2PL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\obj\Debug\AV_Dictionary.frmSetting.resources
C:\Users\H2PL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\bin\Debug\AV-Dictionary.exe.manifest
C:\Users\H2PL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\bin\Debug\AV-Dictionary.application
C:\Users\H2PL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\obj\Debug\AV-Dictionary.exe.manifest
C:\Users\H2PL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AV-Dictionary\AV-Dictionary\obj\Debug\AV-Dictionary.application
